All human life, what we do, experience and feel, happens here in a small corner of the
universe.
The more we learn, the more we wonder about the world and our place in it.
Does life have a purpose?
Where did life come from?
Why are we here?
We may look for meaning in the path we choose in life.
One that makes a difference in the world, or that might provide us with a secure future.
And we may center our life on close relationships with family and friends.
But do these things in themselves bring lasting satisfaction?
Often the most we can hope to accomplish is to leave behind a fading memory of who we
were and what we did.
What is the key to finding lasting enjoyment and purpose in life?
The Bible says that we are created with a spiritual need, just like our need for food.
If we do not satisfy our spiritual hunger, we will never feel truly fulfilled.
And the invite says to know him and through his word the Bible, to learn how to get the
most out of life.
He says, I, Jehovah, am your God, the one teaching you to benefit yourself, the one guiding
you in the way you should walk, if only you would pay attention to my commandments.
Then your peace would become just like a river.
And your righteousness, like the waves of the sea, to worship God and to benefit from
his guidance, is the real purpose of life and he doesn't want our life to end.
If we accept that truth, we can have a life with a real purpose, both now and forever.
To learn more about what the Bible says about this and many other topics, go to JW.org.